hello everyone so this is a little bit
different from what we normally do here
basically I'm going to be doing the same
thing except without the video aspect of
the whole YouTube video vlog thing which
is kind of the whole point but I've been
having some crazy technical difficulties
with my camera and I didn't want that to
hold me back from just having a
conversation about webcomics with you
guys so let's get started ed today we're
gonna be talking about five reasons to
start a webcomic
right now number one is having an
archive of pages that you add to once a
week or whenever you decide to update is
gonna make it so much easier to go back
in a few months or even a few years
depending on how long you stick with it
and see how much better you've gotten at
drawing through the time it's really
hard to keep track of that sort of thing
I think just because as artists a lot of
times we only see the flaws of what
we're creating and we don't see how much
we're growing it's very hard to keep
track of so going back and looking at
these the same characters over and over
I feel is a really really great
reference and you can look back and see
how much better you've gotten so for me
I feel like that's something that's
really really cool about creating web
comics number two you know all those
silly jokes and puns you think of you
could immortalize them in comic form and
I think that's unreasonable if you have
a lot of funny ideas constantly and just
don't know how to express them number
three there are so many different types
of comics online that no matter what
your technical skill level is there's a
place for you and I would say that I
know that a few of you guys listening
are probably thinking right now but page
I'm really bad at drawing but I know
that a lot of you guys really really
like to write and when you're in that
position it can be really hard to figure
out what to do you can always team up
with a friend
use stick figures or if it's something
that's really important to you you can
always learn how to draw yourself and if
just start practicing I guess I don't
know that's such hard advice to give
since I'm not really sure what to say on
the topic I have left some of my
favorite drawing tutorials down in the
description below so if you are really
passionate about just learning how to
become a better artist you can check
them out and I hope that they help you
and that you enjoy watching them
number four is it's super fun I mean yes
it has its ups and downs but drawing
comics is one of my personal ways to
just spend time like oh wait did that
make sense my personal favorite ways is
what I was trying to say to spend my
time just relax have a cup of tea and
just do some sketching and two hours on
a good day can feel like five or ten
minutes it's kind of a magical thing and
number five I know that I say this
constantly but you're the only one who
can express your ideas and tell your
story so if that's something that you've
been wanting to do if you're even
slightly thinking about starting a comic
go out there and do it and just get
started and I wish you all the best of
luck and I hope that this video has made
you feel pumped up and inspired and
thank you guys so much for listening I
hope that next week I will be having an
actual video but let me know what you
guys think of this kind of podcast
format because maybe if you enjoy it
this might be something for me to look
into in the future perhaps an audiobook
you never know thank you guys again and
I'll talk to you soon
bye
you